# PortugueseBankingProject
For this project, my goal was to apply my knowledge of supervised machine learning to build a classifier to predeict whether potential customers will be persuaded to become customers of a bank.
This dataset included 17 variables relating to a direct marketing campaign of a Portuguese banking institution. 
My first task was to import any essential packages, most importantly the numpy, pandas, and sklearn packages. Next, I loaded my dataset and read in the data to visualize the first 5 rows of the data. After this step, I was able to describe and check the shape of the data.
It is also important to make sure there are no missing values or duplicate values. The next section of the notebook graphed out distributions of the target variable, the numerical values and categorical values. In order for the models to work, I needed to use label encoding to convert the categorical values to numerical values and I needed to convert the target variable to binary. The final pre-processing step was to check for any imbalance in the dataset (the data was VERY imbalanced). 
It was now time for the first model! The first model I chose was the logistic regression model. To do so, I had to split the data into training and testing sets, scale the data, and define hyperparameters. Once the model was created, I was able to tune the hyperparameters, find the best parameters and train the model. The final step of the logistic regression is to predict on the testing set. For the logistic regression model, I tested the performance of the model by calculating accuracy score, F1 score, precision score and then also created a confusion matrix. The most important measure was the model's accuracy, which was 89.1%. 
The other two models I used were the Random Forest Classifier and the Support Vector Classifier. The accuracy of the Random Forest Classifier and Support Vector Classifier were 90.3% and 89.8%, respectively.
From these results, the Random Forest Classifier had the highest accuracy out of the three models used. 
